Some discussion of requireUpperBoundDeps failures and the role of the BOM (#2390)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/developer/plugin-development/updating-parent.adoc

[source]
----
… jenkins.InitReactorRunner$1 onTaskFailed
SEVERE: Failed Loading plugin Jenkins Git plugin v4.0.0-rc (git)
java.io.IOException: Jenkins Git plugin version 4.0.0-rc failed to load.
 - Jenkins Git client plugin version 2.7.5 is older than required. To fix, install version 3.0.0-rc or later.
	at hudson.PluginWrapper.resolvePluginDependencies(PluginWrapper.java:868)
	at hudson.PluginManager$2$1$1.run(PluginManager.java:544)
	at org.jvnet.hudson.reactor.TaskGraphBuilder$TaskImpl.run(TaskGraphBuilder.java:169)
	at org.jvnet.hudson.reactor.Reactor.runTask(Reactor.java:296)
	at jenkins.model.Jenkins$5.runTask(Jenkins.java:1091)
	at org.jvnet.hudson.reactor.Reactor$2.run(Reactor.java:214)
	at org.jvnet.hudson.reactor.Reactor$Node.run(Reactor.java:117)
	at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorker(ThreadPoolExecutor.java:1149)
	at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.run(ThreadPoolExecutor.java:624)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:748)
…
java.lang.Error: Plugin git failed to start
	at org.jvnet.hudson.test.PluginAutomaticTestBuilder$OtherTests.testPluginActive(PluginAutomaticTestBuilder.java:99)
----

> 

Author: I cannot now recall what I meant to put in this section. :-(

Author: Oh wait, now I recall…

In other cases you might get a more cryptic `NoSuchMethodError` error during tests;
or, worse, all tests might pass yet your plugin might throw an endless stream of errors at runtime.
The standard POM defines this Enforcer rule to reduce the likelihood of such mistakes.

The fix here is to also update the `git-client` plugin version.
That in turn might also require another plugin to be updated.
This process can get tedious,

> so you are encouraged to make use of a “bill of materials”:

Reviewer: Should it be considered as experimental right now?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so you could consider using the “Bill of Materials” for plugins (under development):
```
